I Christina your question about what is
it that's keeping society from catching
on to this new biology is a very
important question because that delay of
adopting the new sciences is really what
is keeping us from beginning our
evolutionary jump into a higher level of
consciousness and you say well what is
keeping the public from receiving this
information the fact is it's very simple
it's the self-interest of the money
groups that like the structure the way
it is the institutions that have been
here invested in the world in the way we
are living it right now that put all
their effort into that to have the
public respond to them all of a sudden
you come along and say well there's new
ideas new beliefs new ways of living and
yet what the issue is for these entities
these institutions is the concept of a
new way of living and a new idea about
life undermines their business plan so
basically it says that the media which
is owned by the private interests and
the corporate entities that pay for that
media also pay for what is being
delivered through that media it's a very
simple point and the issue is why this
becomes important is that the news is
filtered the filtered news supports the
actions and activities of the
institutions that exist and any news
that is really contradictory to the
established institutions is generally
kept off of the mainstream media to keep
the institutions in power and in control
so basically the resistance is not from
the people the resistance is from those
parties that are interested in keeping
the situation exactly the same without
change because those institutions are
making a substantial profit from the way
the world is running right now and
therefore have no interest in saying a
new way of life on this planet
you